# Document Purpose
This document describes use-case modeling principles and may help project participants that are new to use a use-case driven approach to requirements management. It is simply a guide.
The goal of these guidelines is to provide project standards for the development and maintenance of requirements with use cases, and to ensure a consistent look and feel of all use-case related artifacts.

# Definition
Use case ”implies“ the ways in which a user uses a system (A.Cockburn).
A use case is the specification of a set of actions performed by a system, which yields an observable result that is, typically, of value to one or more actors or other stakeholders of the system (UML 2.0).
A use case is a collection of possible sequences of interactions between the system under discussion and its external actors, related to a particular goal.

# Benefits
“Use Cases” helps to provide:
•	the basis for an estimation of the complexity of the proposed system
•	units of end user functionality by which the project will be planned
•	a vehicle for a designated stakeholder to articulate and agree the functional specification
•	the basis of a functional specification from which the system will be developed
•	the basis for a system acceptance test

# Place of “Use Cases” in Solution Delivery Lifecycle
An input represents the information necessary for a task to begin. Inputs should not be optional (at least not as the basic definition)—if something is merely helpful we do not define it as an input. 
Inputs may be: explicitly generated outside the scope of business analysis (e.g. a project plan), generated by a business analysis task. The document can perform the role of the base for this or that document. Information, used in a document can be used in another document or help creating it. 
The place of Use Cases is represented on the sceme below:
